Hi Varun,
how
are
you?
Hi Ashish, I'm good. How are you
doing? I'm good as well. I
would like to know about
logging functionality.
Sure.
Let's get started.
There are four major
requirements we're looking at
which are, user can access the
application with valid
credentials. Active Directory
can be used to make this login
functionality happen. User can
reset the password on forgot
password option. New users can
sign up by entering details on
sign up page.
Make sense, I will analyze and
document it. Thank you.
Sure, please let me know if you
have any further questions.